update the admin_gui_auth_conf of the OIDC (#6331)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/_src/gateway/kong-manager/auth/oidc/configure.md

The following is an example using Google as the IdP and serving Kong Manager
from its default URL, `http://127.0.0.1:8002`.

> {% if_version lte:3.4.x %}

Reviewer: @raoxiaoyan Hi! I added some conditional rendering since I think the changes only apply to 3.5.x and greater, right? If that sounds correct, I can approve and merge this :)

Author: Correct. Thank you.

  "issuer": "https://accounts.google.com/",                \
  "client_id": ["<ENTER_YOUR_CLIENT_ID>"],                 \
  "client_secret": ["<ENTER_YOUR_CLIENT_SECRET_HERE>"],    \
  "admin_claim": ["email"],                                \
  "redirect_uri": ["http://localhost:8002/default"],       \
}
```

> Required for `admin_gui_auth_conf` of `openid-connect`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
While authenticating Kong Manager with OpenID Connect, please ensure that your IdP supports the `authorization_code` grant type and is enabled for the associated client.

Configuration parameters in `admin_gui_auth_conf` for `openid-connect`:

```

### Add a note

To let users know that OpenID Connect with Kong Manager only supports the `authorization_code` grant type.

### Fix the table

<img width="1670" alt="Screenshot 2023-10-25 at 14 24 46" src="https://github.com/Kong/docs.konghq.com/assets/5277268/d6fcf452-0556-48b3-aabe-bd2d021a626a">

The table looks broken. We need to leave a blank line between the paragraph and the table to let the table render normally.

<img width="1418" alt="Screenshot 2023-10-25 at 14 28 25" src="https://github.com/Kong/docs.konghq.com/assets/5277268/da157391-2de9-4109-8f9f-12322d11b245">
